hey everyone my name is grave applesauce
welcome back to another episode of top
three seeds of the week here we are on
week four and just before this video
gets started I want to thank you all for
your contributions on the previous
episodes it really does mean a lot and I
really do appreciate all the support you
guys have been giving me and a friendly
like reminder on this video be sure to
leave it a like if you do enjoy it it
does take a lot of work to put these
together and I'm glad you guys are
enjoying it so I like would really be
appreciated if you enjoy it so anyways
we're going to get to the first seed
this one is called penguin the seeds and
coordinates will be on screen per usual
and now this seat is pretty cool because
on spawn you have yourself if you just
go right over here behind you you have a
small little village here but the
coolest part is is you have books in
here you can get your enchant on go
steal those books then you can go in the
blacksmith here and you could check the
chest you got yourself a grapple to
golden gets in some Iron Boots not the
best loot but it is right by spot and
you have yourself some stuff ready to go
there all right now your next location
here is a triple ravine this thing is
awesome you will have yourself plenty of
stuff because it is also a cave let us
just throw on a night vision potion
really quickly here I'm going to throw
that on you have yourself an awesome
triple ravine plenty of resources you
got iron coal everything you need you're
going to go down into the second ravine
right here and it branches off into a
third one over here this is a really
awesome area if you are in need of
mining i would definitely check out this
area it has all the stuff you would need
to mine in and there's plenty of cave
systems throughout this area to go ahead
and get you plenty of resources for your
minecraft journey so we're going to go
on to the last part of this first seat
here which is a out which Hut over here
in the swamp and the best part about
this is if you're making a witch farm
which is possible now you're in right in
the middle of an ocean so it makes it
super easy to go ahead and make one of
these I wouldn't have included this if
it wasn't so easy you can make yourself
a witch farm by clearing out the blocks
all around it but it's already done for
you with the water so that is completely
awesome
has been penguin and we're going to go
on to the second seat here all right
here we are at the second seed this one
is called her she this one is pretty
cool the spawn is not really that cool
but the areas around it are quite
awesome you got yourself a nice little
ice rink here I just decided to jump
around on but the first area here that
we're going to be spotlighting is a nice
village here it's very small like the
previous one but you also have yourself
a desert temple we'll get to that in a
second we're going to check out this
blacksmith you got yourself five
grapples some gold bread a bunch of oak
saplings even though those are pretty
easy to get in and irony get not the
best loop by means but we're going to
head over into this desert temple over
here and we're going to jump down in
here there's always TNT you could grab
in there so don't forget you can get
that some more gold iron some more gold
bones are good as well for bone Mealing
you gotta punch one book two saddles
some gold some more bones in there let's
grab those two and you got yourself some
diamond horse armor so you can go ahead
and saddle up a horse and give it some
diamond horse armor which is pretty
awesome you'll have yourself in a pretty
Opie horse once you do some horse tests
and find the right one for you and this
seat is pretty much full of temples so
the next area is also a desert temple
we're going to go ahead and teleport
here let's go ahead and drop in TNT of
course down here as always got yourself
two diamonds some more bones some more
iron gold and bones you got yourself
iron horse armor some so you can saddle
up to horses and get both of them armor
there that's really awesome you up some
more iron and finally some more bones so
you have yourself quite a bit of loot
already from these two desert temples
and now the last area here is another
desert temple this one is just
chock-full of desert temples and you
will have yourself quite a bit of stuff
just from these temples T&T once again
they're walking here some more bones
iron gold some bones some diamond horse
armor again you have yourself to diamond
horse armor so you can go ahead and
saddle up horses give them the best
armor possible you have five diamonds in
all so far so you got yourself all this
loot just from looting these temples so
you got yourself some really awesome
stuff and you can go ahead and make
golden apples or golden grapples with
all of this stuff there
and that is pretty awesome so that has
been Hershey we're going to go on to the
final seated this week all right here we
are on the last seated this week this
one is called yella I don't really know
how to pronounce that but this seed is
awesome because right off a spawn here
you have yourself a bunch of pigs which
is cool but you also have donkeys and
horses will spot on this area it will
vary but there will be something here if
you go ahead and saddle up you have food
off of this village right at spawn which
is awesome but if you turn around from
spawn and go into this desert here very
small desert you have yourself a desert
temple go ahead and drop down here get
your TT whatever you got yourself some
iron bones and gold some iron horse
armor very nice for your horse or donkey
I don't think you put it on donkey
actually for your horse you have diamond
horse armor in there some more bones a
saddle to go ahead and saddle up one of
those and you got yourself some more
iron horse armor some golden iron once
again so you have all that loot just off
of spawn there so that is really cool
and now the next spot here we're going
to teleport to is a really cool spot to
build your house I think if you're going
to be building a house let's let the
chunks load in here this is a really
cool I thought it was really cool how
high this area is and there's like a
little there's like jungle trees and
stuff but there's a little lake here a
little pond here it looks really cool if
you look up so maybe if you like took
out say a tree over here you took out
these trees and you could trees right
here and you can build your house there
that would be really cool you can build
it in the trees and stuff I just thought
this little area with the pond was
really cool and unique so we're going to
go on to the last spot of this seed here
let's go ahead and teleport this is a
really awesome area and this seat I
found as an awesome extreme crater
you're going to fly around here walk
around here rather in survival you're
going to see this awesome crater here
and you're going to drop down you see a
nice-looking cave down here we're going
to get some night night vision potion
here let's get that and you got yourself
a massive cave down here you have a
ravine here it intersects into a mine
shaft there's plenty of exposed or is
everywhere you could see and there's
just a big cave and mine chef to explore
you got yourself a chest there some
random loot and yeah it's a big mine
shaft and it is also a big cave for go
ahead and my
finding whatever you may need so that
has been this week's top three seeds if
you have any suggestions be sure to
leave them in the comments section below
and be sure to leave a comment one two
or three for your favorite see to this
week and at the end of the month I will
be saying the best seeds you guys have
chosen I'm not really sure how I'm going
to do it yet so if you have any
suggestions on that be sure to let me
know because I still have all your
guys's favorites from the last three
weeks we're going to get to that later I
hope you guys enjoyed be sure to leave a
like it really does help if you did
enjoy and other than that I hope you all
have an amazing day I will see you in
next week's episode see you next time